Added missing step (#670)
shopware/shopware: src/Docs/Resources/current/2-internals/4-plugins/010-plugin-quick-start.md

Now, that you've created the two necessary plugin files, you're able to install the plugin.
This is done using one of the [plugin commands](./030-plugin-commands.md).

> Starting in your **project root** directory, check if your plugin is detected run `bin/console plugin:list`. When your new plugin is missing, execute the command `bin/console plugin:refresh`. Then run the command `bin/console plugin:install --activate --clearCache PluginQuickStart` to install and activate the plugin.

Reviewer: Would you agree with this version as well? :-)

```suggestion
Starting in your **project root** directory, check if your plugin is already known to Shopware by running the command `bin/console plugin:list`. If your new plugin is missing, execute the command `bin/console plugin:refresh`. Afterwards run the command `bin/console plugin:install --activate --clearCache PluginQuickStart` to install and activate the plugin.
```

Author: Shure.
